# Electrical Engineer - United States Air Force

## When

Aug 2016 - Jan 2018 (1 year 6 months)

## Summary

I worked for the United States Air Force (USAF) in the Air Force Material Command's (AFMC) Air ForceLife Cycle Management Center (AFLCMC), in the Special Programs Division (HNJ) under the Kill ChainIntegration Branch (HNJJ) as a civilian electrical engineer. My responsibilities included supportingthe USAF in an overall developmental capacity; including design, testing, and security assessment ofcurrent and new technologies.

I assisted with a Joint Urgent Operational Need (JUON) called Project FUERY, which has since beendelivered to operational theater, providing IA and configuration management support during initialdeployment and testing.

I have participated in Source Selection for a sustainment effort of a collection of SIPR basedadministrative tools. Following the contract award, I am now providing engineering support in bothCDRL review, Configuration Control Board (CCB) participation, and engineering liaison consultingbetween the customer and the contractor.

I have experimented with and evaluated the Tactical Cloud Reference Implementation (TCRI), a jointcloud architecture for the USAF to address the Data to Decisions (D2D) initiative. I have directed onejoint service demonstration and directed several other Air Force experiments, given several briefings toO-7s and above, initiated and managed an OTA contract for a relate prototype application, and providedsupport in its transition and integration between the Navy and the USAF.

I was part of the Combat Cloud Architecture Team (CCAT) developing the USAF combat cloud. Aspart of this effort I supported the development of a cloud architecture test bed, as well as developedexperiments to determine the effectiveness and requirements for airborne cloud applications.

## Contact

### Address

55 Grenier St\
Hanscom AFB, MA 01731

### Phone

+1 (781) 225-1110
