# Software Engineer - Kessel Run

## When

Jan 2018 - Feb 2019 (1 year 2 months)

## Summary

I worked for the United States Air Force (USAF) in the Air Force Material Command's (AFMC) Air ForceLife Cycle Management Center (AFLCMC), in the Kessel Run program as a Software Engineer.

My first role was as a Software Engineer for a classified web-application. My responsibilities includeddevelopment and testing for the Target Production Manager application for the Air Operations Center.

Weapon System. This included software development with front end web service libraries, restfulservices, cloud platforms and automated test driven development.

My second project was maintaining and expanding the style guide and component library. Myresponsibilities included maintaining and improving the existing components, troubleshootingcompatibility issues across the Kessel Run Application suite, and developing new components asthe need arises. This includes software development with front end libraries like React and SCSS,utilization of CI/CD for security and deployment, as well as various user engagement activities toprioritize continuous deployment.

As a Software Engineer for the third project I worked on, my responsibilities included providing anchorsupport to establish best practices, as well as carry context about software architectural decisions.This includes with with a node.js back end, React.js front end, as well as deployment to classifiedenvironments.

My consistent secondary responsibilities have included assisting in engineer training and hiring, as wellas providing external support and information for collaboration within the United States Air Force.

## Contact

### Address

55 Grenier St\
Hanscom AFB, MA 01731

### Phone

+1 (781) 225-1110
